</\>Chapter 1: “In The Desert”<\/>
Another scorpion bounced its stinger off his heavy metal boot.
“Another prickler! That’s the third one on me already. I swear it won’t take long in this darkness until I step onto something that’s gonna break through.”
There was no response from any of his three companions, save for their muffled grunting as they made their way across the highest dune yet. Were they not wearing their signature yellow cloaks, they would have been invisible.
“We have to do this in the dark?”
“Missing the sight of the glorious landscape? It’s the desert, Mike. There ain’t much to see,” Jorge finally responded, his voice carrying a noticeable tone of irritation. That didn’t stop Michael from keeping going, he had his foot in between the door and he was not letting the chance go.
“Why so grumpy, Jorge? With your muscles, this trek shouldn’t even be a warm-up. I’m the one struggling here.”
“You really want that to be known? Where’s your sense of shame?”
“Lost it around the second prickler, I’d say. If I’m gonna be facing death, I sure as hell ain’t gonna be thinking about my demeanor.”
“Facing Death?” The Master suddenly croaked. “If Death wanted to claim you, kid, you would be long gone. Better men than you have stood no chance.”
Both Jorge and Michael stayed quiet. Although Jorge was no stranger to combat against the undead, even his experience paled in comparison to the Master’s. When he spoke, you listened. There just was no other way. Even Michael knew that much.
“I’m sorry, Master! I didn’t mean to insult you with my words,” was all he could say.
Once again, there was no response. This time the conversation had fully died and no-one either dared or wished to reignite it. They continued making their way deeper into the desert in silence, the only sound being the wind that was blowing progressively stronger and louder. The sand was flying and swirling all around them, getting in between the dark purple plates of armor covering their bodies. The mask did its job better, keeping Michael’s face completely protected from the environment around him.
“At least some good comes out of those things. With how heavy they are, I’ll break my neck before anything else even gets a shot at killing me,” he thought to himself. The weight of the masks was so great because they had no eyeholes, but rather double-sided reinforced glass.
