There was also a filter fitted in under it, its tubes running from inside Michael’s nose down his cheeks, exiting somewhere over there. Wherever they were, the holes were too small to be visible without the use of special equipment. Since they never needed cleaning, Michael hadn’t bothered to familiarize himself with it too much, either. 
“Anybody else feel weird?” Hannes suddenly asked. 
“Yeah, I think there’s more sand in my armor than in the rest of the desert,” Michael quickly responded.
Hannes sounded disappointed, sighing as he responded.
“That’s not what I meant, funny guy.”
Although Michael had responded in his usual, joking manner, he could guess why Hannes appeared worried. The truth was that he could feel the change in the air as well. The wind, which had up until now been nothing but a nuisance, suddenly seemed menacing. Its constant wailing would have drowned out all other sounds if there had been any. Instead, it acted as a reminder that they were completely isolated, alone, in the middle of nowhere. They had been trained for this, of course, but being truly out in the field for the first time was something that he could never be truly prepared for. 
Another gust of wind smashed into them so suddenly that it forced them to take a few steps back. Even Jorge was stopped in his tracks, although he managed to hold his ground. It was almost like the wind itself was trying to push them away, to prevent them from going any further. 
Everyone exchanged quick glances with each other. Everyone except the Master. He didn’t stop moving for a moment, advancing forward the moment the wind subsided. 
“Keep up, everyone! We’re getting close, so I have no time to go looking for you if you decide to get lost out here.”
Jorge stepped forward, resuming his walk right behind the Master, his towering flaxen yellow cape still somehow casting a shadow over the remaining two. Hannes lingered for a moment longer, casting a gaze in every direction around him, surveying the area. It was pitch black by now, and yet Michael could have sworn that the other man seemed frightened. He was moving erratically, appearing to be expecting something to jump out at him from behind the veil of black that surrounded them. 
Michael was younger than him, younger than all of them, in fact. Sure, he felt a bit uneasy too, but the fear emanating from the other man seemed unwarranted. They had each other, after all. Or, maybe not for long. Michael looked back towards the direction that they had been going, and the Master and Jorge had already been consumed by darkness, their
