stumbled, connecting it with the skeleton’s face. A loud crack reached his ears and the muscles in his arms tensed upon contact. Skullcrusher was aptly named: the skeletal frame collapsed, left without the head. 
The speed of the attack and the weight of his weapon left Michael breathless, gasping deeply for air, but there was simply no time. Two more Souls managed to evade the Master and passed him, heading straight for Michael. Adrenaline saved him this time, making him forget all about the heavy equipment adorning him. The skeletons had no time to attack this time, their bodies crumpling like paper under the weight of Skullcrusher’s swing. 
Again and again, the same process repeated itself. Their defense was holding, even against the numbers that seemed overwhelming at first. Bones piled in front of their feet, crushed to dust as they shuffled their feet. The quiet nature of the desert had been replaced with the constant rattling of the skeletons as they climbed on top of their fallen brethren, each one more eager to rip into the Hexagon Warriors than the last one. 
Michael heard Jorge grunt with effort after he smashed yet another group with his own Skullcrusher, a modified version, larger still than the ones owned by the other members. The Master moved in to cover him from the next assault, batting away any who dared come near. Some good words would have been appreciated right now, but there was simply no energy left to spend. Even though they were managing to keep the Souls at bay for now, the initial scare and adrenaline of the fight were starting to dissipate, leaving behind only aching muscles and a tired mind. 
A loud thud sounded behind him, and Michael turned quickly. Too quickly, in fact. The ground shook under him and Michael dropped to one knee, hiding himself behind his mace to protect himself from whatever strike was headed his way. 
“Get up!” Hannes grunted instead. The head of his Skullcrusher was halfway swallowed by the ground after an overhead slam. It was his strike that made Michael lose his balance, but it also knocked over the Soul that would have jumped on his back and most likely stabbed him as well. 
They were surrounded. All of them had been so focused on keeping the front line at bay that they had no time to get a clear view of the entire skirmish. Although the force in front of the Master and Jorge was the most densely packed, the skeletons had been circling them, closing them off from all directions. It was too late to do anything about the fact that they were completely beleaguered.
