Hannes wasn’t fast enough getting his mace out from the sand and a Soul dashed at him, jumping headfirst into him. All form of self-control seemed to leave Hannes, as he desperately thrashed around, attempting to throw the skeletal figure off.
“Stand still, idiot!” Michael yelled at him, but his words did not reach Hannes’ ears. In fact, they did not reach his own ears either. In an instant, he felt trapped, immobilized. The clamor of battle had disappeared, the screams of terror that Hannes should have been letting loose were absent. The struggle ended. Hannes launched the Soul off his shoulders, stomping on it relentlessly with his heavy boots until the skull was unrecognizable as such. Hannes’ helmet had come off with the skeleton and suffered the same fate under his boot.
None of that made any sound, like one of those old black-and-white silent films. Michael managed to turn himself around slowly, looking back towards the main force of the Souls.
‘Why was he still standing? Why did the attacks stop?’ he thought to himself, weirdly relieved that he could at least hear the thoughts inside his head.
That weird relief left him the moment he saw the large figure standing in the middle of the army of Souls. It towered above the rest, being at least twice their size. A dark green cloak covered its body, but it did not sit still. Big bumps and waves rippled across its surface, almost as if the cloak had been thrown atop an anthill. The hood was raised, covering the creature’s head, but the front was wide open, revealing a large ribcage held in place by tens of tiny hands that emerged from under the cloak. In the middle of the ribcage was a singular, bloodshot yellow eye. It darted across the carnage unfolding before it, until settling itself upon the Hexagon Warriors. There were no brows, nor any other way to extract information from it, but Michael could feel the hatred overflowing from the eye. He didn’t need to wonder what sort of creature they were faced with. It was The One and The Only, The Death.
The Master recognized it as well, probably did before Michael had even noticed it. The old man had already turned around and was gesticulating something to Jorge, something that made Micahel’s stomach drop. The signs for transferring leadership over to another were unmistakable.
‘What is he thinking?’
Jorge nodded and turned towards Michael and Hannes. Without a word, or maybe with words, who could know in this silence, he grabbed both of them and darted towards the backline of the Souls, away from The Death and his Tree. Hanging over Jorge’s shoulder, Michael had a clear line of sight as to what was taking place where they had just been. The Master stood still, alone now, and held out his hands in fists, the left one facing upwards. He joined his rings together and twisted quickly counterclockwise. A bright red light connected
