his rings as he pulled them apart again and loosened his fingers. The Master then directed the light toward all of the Souls surrounding them before curling his fingers together again. The light pulsed for a moment, then shot towards the nearest Soul and wrapped itself around it. It spread in every direction that the Master turned himself in, flying out from his outstretched arms.
None of the Souls gave chase as Jorge carried Michael and Hannes away, barging through the Souls in their way as if they were made from plywood. The crimson hue from the rope of light overpowered the blazing green eyes of the Souls, coating the desert in a nightmarish red that was reminiscent of the end of days. The Master stood in the middle of it all, holding the dead back, giving the Hexagon Warriors time to escape.
Something moved in the middle of the Souls. The largest one of all. Gliding softly and slowly above the sand, The Death was approaching the Master. The closer he got, the more the old man seemed to struggle, until his legs gave out and he could no longer stand. Now kneeling on the desert floor, he still held his hands in front of him, slowing The Death as much as he could. Although they had made good distance, Michael could still see the Master’s fingers beginning to bend backwards, his armor bending and twisting in ways it was never meant to. When It finally stood above the old man, his armor was completely cracked, his bones sticking out from between the fresh crevices. His form barely resembled that of a human, yet his chains of light still held.
“-ge calling Hexagon Space Station, need immediate transport on my location now!”
Jorge’s words pierced Michael’s ears so suddenly that he almost fell deaf again. All sound had returned.
Without hesitation, It brandished a large scythe from Its back and placed the tip against the Master’s helmet. Michael closed his eyes, unable to look. A loud, wet ripping sound echoed across the desert. When he opened them again, The Death pointed his scythe straight at them, the Master’s head, still covered by his mask, adorning it.
Without the crimson energy holding them in place, the desert had once again fallen under complete darkness, save for the searing green eyes that were now all staring straight at them. Approaching, fast.
“Portal incoming,” Jorge’s ring exclaimed mechanically. Just then, a bright beam descended from the sky like lightning, leaving behind a glowing doorway shaped like a hexagon. Jorge dashed straight through it, and just like that, the cold emptiness of the desert was replaced with the familiar warm hall of their base. The sand underneath them had also been replaced with concrete, as Michael discovered when they all came crashing down on top of it. He hit
