</\>Chapter 2: “The Test”<\/>

The lines of code on his screen were slowly increasing in number. Deft fingers running across the keyboard, typing in symbol after symbol.
Enter.
The cursor jumped down again and he began filling in another line.
Backspace. His head twitched slightly and his lips tightened: he forgot the colon. The error rate in his typing was low, exceptionally so, and for a reason. The train of thought was already gone, departed. The small action of having to stop typing for a moment to erase the mistake had thrown him off completely. Before, he didn’t need to think, everything came naturally. Now, he was stuck in his head again, having to go over every word to make sure that he wrote things in the most optimal way possible.
Gabriele leaned back on his chair and stretched his arms above his head, the soft backrest bending behind him, allowing him to go as far back as he wanted. He reached for the machine on his left, debating for a moment before deciding to hold down the brown button, pouring hot coffee into the cup below. The ergonomic chair and multi-drink dispenser were but a few of the many perks of his new station. One that wouldn’t be his for long, unless he managed to get this code working right.
Gabriele took a long sip and stared at his screen, going over each new line that he had added over the last half hour. Was he even missing anything? The functions seemed fine, no conflicting elements. There were no typos when referencing his variables. No matter how he looked at it, there was nothing missing. And yet, the cursor kept blinking, almost tauntingly. There must have been something he had wanted to add, right before his concentration had been broken, by his own mistake, no less.
The coffee wasn’t helping. Not that it was making things worse, but it also failed to offer the boost that Gabriele had hoped for. He held out hope until he finished his cup, but after staring at the screen and coming up with nothing, there was nothing else to be done here. Gabriele pushed the files into the Cloud and closed his computer. Only one way to find out.
He closed the computer and got up from his chair. Before leaving the room, he grabbed the remote from the table and opened the blinds covering his large floor-to-ceiling windows. The view presenting itself was still breathtaking. There were just a few buildings around that towered above the one he was in. Although Gabriele’s office was just about in the middle of the skyscraper, very little of the city remained hidden from up here. The Sun shone from the
