other side of the building, but the windows of the neighbouring tower reflected its light perfectly. A little too perfectly. The blinds were installed for a reason.
Gabriele looked down, admiring the sight of the sprawling city below him. The streets stretched out in every direction as far as the eye could see, innumerable cars driving along the conduits like bytes of info.
He shook his head and stepped away from the window. Too much coding. Some air would probably be good right about now, lest he becomes a robot himself. But there was still one more thing left to do. Gabriele left the room, the door locking automatically behind him.
“Morning, Smith!”
Gabriele was glad that the voice came from behind him because his face automatically contorted into a frown upon hearing it. He loved this job, loved everything about it, but he didn’t love everyone, and Jacklyn was at the top of that unfortunate list.
“Morning, Stower! How are things?”
“Oh, you know, just dealing with my small projects. Nothing compared to the big undertaking that you’re working on. We’re all rooting for you, you know? Big time! Especially us executives. I can’t wait to see the return on investment results when your big project finally comes out.” She squeals as she mentions the last part. Whether because that was due to her love of money or joy at the prospect of seeing Gabriele fail, he didn’t know. Also, could she not use the word “big” in every other sentence? There were other things to note about her besides her unusually short height, just barely reaching Gabriele’s chest. For example, for someone in such a high position, her vocabulary was exceptionally poor. Guess that’s what happens when you only speak the language of money.
“Anyway, I know you won’t disappoint us. We only hire the best, after all. I just wanted to let you know that if there are any more resources you want available, you’ll get them all. Look, just don’t think of me as your boss. Until you get that code working, you’re the big man in charge. Just make sure that there are no more delays, all right? Justifying that could be, let’s say, problematic.”
She flashed a wide toothy smile before taking off. Her words were always nice, but the tone behind them, the look in her eyes as she spoke them, were a different story. Gabriele looked at her as she walked away, smirking slightly as he saw people overtaking her. One heel-turn later, the woman was behind him. Gabriele headed in the opposite direction, making his way toward the 4 elevators at the end of the corridor. Even with that number, there were still two people already waiting in front of the doors. Both of them gave him a slight nod as he approached, which he reciprocated. Their names hadn’t stuck in his mind yet. He silently