promised himself to commit them to memory if the project was successful. No point to it otherwise.
A few minutes of bouncing between the floors of the highrise later, the doors opened to reveal the third floor in all its glory. Nobody else exited here. When the elevator departed again, he stood there alone. The floor was low enough that the surrounding buildings covered much of the sunlight. Although the walls were made of glass, the corridor was filled with stripes of light and shadow. This was probably the only place in the entire building where you could hear the lights humming. Gabriele made his way through the floor, passing by quite a few closed doors with an “experiment in progress” sign taped on them. They had been that way the entire time that he had worked here.
To everyone else, it must have seemed like Gabriele was the golden boy of the company, with his own private office and seemingly endless resources, but the truth of the matter was hidden away down here.
It’s true that he had technically been allotted a great deal of funds, but the manner in which to spend them was not up to him. Every decision he made, every purchase he wanted to make, everything had to go through Stower first, and, well, Gabriele had never liked gambling, so there was no point in hoping that the odds would ever be in his favor when dealing with her. Again, from the outside perspective, he had most of the floor to use however he saw fit, but the people required to help him with the work? The equipment that he so desperately needed? He had only the bare minimum.
Gabriele ducked under the low arch that did its best to separate the laboratory from the rest of the floor. The sounds of quiet talking, interrupted by the loud whirring of a drill, had been audible for a while now, but here was their source. His four assistants were hard at work, doing their best with the limited options they had available.
“Hey, Gab! Saw the updated code you pushed. Ready to take it for a test drive?” Graham turned around and threw up his hand the moment he heard Gabriele enter. There was a wide smile on the man’s face. He had already turned back to his computer during the second that it took for Gabriele to wave back. A true workaholic.
“Looked it over, seems stellar. Although activating the backpedal mechanism on the back wheels before it kicks in at the front may short circuit it.” He rubbed his chin, tapping his finger against the table that had lost its color a long time ago.
“I did that about five minutes ago. You already got a handle on it?”
“And had time to brew a cup.” He lifted his mug briefly. “Half’s yours if you want.”
“I already drank mine upstairs.”
