“Suit yourself. Won’t find any of this only slightly expired slop up there though,” he said.
Gabriele walked up to him and patted him on the shoulder.
“You know I’d have you up there with me if I could,” he whispered quietly. Graham gave him a dismissive gesture.
“You’re amazing at coding, man. But I am great at both coding and engineering.” He got up from his chair and grabbed a cable that he dragged to the tiny robot occupying the center of the room. The cable slid into a port on the backside, producing a satisfying click upon entry. “So it makes sense for me to be right here. This is my world, baby!” He took a part that Joshua handed him, likely the battery, and flipped it in his hand, nearly dropping it on the floor. Graham offered up an awkward smile and shrug as both Gabriele and Joshua glared at him. “No harm, no foul?”
“Give it to me straight, Josh. How’s the bot doing?” Gabriele asked, ignoring him.
“Well, I’d say this is as good as it’s going to get.” The younger man looked up at him, his pale complexion a stark contrast to Graham. “I’ve been working on the wiring and based on the tests so far, there shouldn’t be any delay between the input from the sensors and the breaking mechanism.” He stood up, stretching himself out with a pleased grunt. Gabriele wasn’t used to looking up at anyone, but Joshua was an exception. The stereotype about Scandinavian people being tall seemed to hold up, especially considering that the boy was only nineteen. His shoulders slumped right back as he continued speaking.
“Have to agree with Graham, though. Both sets of wheels going in different directions at the same time? You’re just asking for trouble.”
“Hey, have some faith in me, alright?” Caleb chimed in. “This bad boy has been my number one priority for the past two months and I’ll be damned if I let it beat me.” He walked up from behind Gabriele, alongside Veronica, and joined the group. “The reinforced outer layer, specially designed custom wheels for every possible occasion, gorgeous metalwork seamlessly connecting each and every part together. Mm, damn!” He high-fived Veronica, who was just as into the hype-up as him. “We’re damn artists!” she added. Made for each other. If only they realized that themselves.
The playful sigh escaping the other’s mouths was almost simultaneous. Gabriele felt encouraged, surrounded by the people who would help him realize their shared dream. There was no doubting any of their abilities. The robot was constructed with constant communication and oversight by each one of them. The bot stood in the middle of the room, the object of everyone’s attention. All praise to Caleb and Veronica. The rectangular box on wheels didn’t look like much at first glance, but it didn’t need to. All it really had to do was