transport packages from point A to point B. The white color of its exterior made sure that the little machine would not go unnoticed while out on the streets. The front and back panels also had a wide glass panel, through which many sensors and cameras made sure that threats and obstacles were seen as early as possible. The top part was a simple lid that could easily be opened by any client, and not by anyone else. The keypad and magnetic lock made sure of that.
Physically, the robot was as ready as it could be. Everyone had done a spectacular job. It was Gabriele’s task to make the thing move. No issues there. The problem came with the threat detection. No matter what he’d tried so far, the machine just couldn’t move out of the way of incoming cars.
“If you two are artists, I can see why the profession has such a stigma surrounding it,” Graham jabbed. The daggers shooting from Caleb and Veronica’s eyes made him quickly add: “Kidding. It’s not like I’m saying I’m better. We’re all working on the same thing together.”
“Right.” Josh decided to take over. “Everyone ready, then?”
A joint murmur confirmed the other’s agreement. Caleb picked the robot up and walked over to the adjacent room, where a miniature obstacle course had been built for it. Small wooden blocks outlined the course, with some random items thrown in there to see if the machine would bypass them. That was the easy part. The hard part was what Graham was setting up over at his computer. The last part of the course featured a bumper car, suspended from the ceiling with a metal rod. Once activated, it would go back and forth across the path that the robot had to take. If everything worked out, it would pick the movement up with its sensors, stop, and reverse. That had yet to happen.
Klack.
The bumper car started moving. Its front and back had extra layers of rubber attached to it to soften the, hopefully improbable, impact.
“Coordinates set,” Veronica indicated from her station. “Is it moving?”
Gabriele gave her a thumbs-up, not turning away from the bot for a moment as it began its journey. His eyes were transfixed on its movements as it calmly advanced on the course. Their part done, the others gathered around him in the doorway.
“So far, so good,” Caleb whispered. “Go forth, little guy. Bring home the money.”
Gabriele leaned against the doorframe and hunched over a little, unable to keep standing straight.
“It always does well in this part. The real challenge is still ahead.”
