“Josh, you’re uninvited to the bar tonight. Positive thoughts only, please.” Even Graham’s voice was devoid of its usual charm, instead sounding tense.
Unaware of all the expectations on him, the little machine simply moved forward, stopping every so often to correct its trajectory when an obstacle was detected.
“Turn radius is too big, make a note to correct that later,” Gabriele heard Veronica whisper as the robot rounded a corner.
As always, the path leading up to the final test was no issue. As the bot peacefully travelled on the last straight before the bumper car. It swished in front of it once, then twice. Gabriele forgot how to breathe, unwillingly holding his breath. The distance was still too great for the sensors to kick in.
3 more meters.
2 more meters.
“1 more meter!” He automatically spurt out.
The bot reached the crossroads. The bumper car came in from the right. The robot came to an immediate halt, its back wheels instantly reversing their direction while the ones in the front were half a second slower. It started backing up, away from danger. Only for a moment, before the bumper car smashed into it, knocking it over.
Gabriele finally let the air out of his lungs. This was supposed to be a sigh of relief, not frustration.
“Shut it down,” he told Graham.
“Already did.”
“Oh, good.”
Gabriele turned around and walked away without saying another word, except for a quick “see you tomorrow” before leaving the room. He had missed something in the code. His hunch had been right.
The walk back to the elevator was a much longer one than the one from it to the laboratory. Wasn’t it usually the other way around?
Gabriele shook his head. As much as he didn’t want to, he needed to focus now more than ever. His chance had already come to him once. Next time, he would grab onto it.
A palm suddenly landed on his shoulder, grabbing and turning him around.
“Don’t give up, bossman. You got closer this time than ever before, right? You’re on the verge of cracking this, I can feel it.” The words were muffled by the large welding mask on the speaker’s face, but the clothes belonged to one of his co-workers. “Really, despite what the others said, I think your idea of spinning the wheels in different directions was really
