silhouettes nowhere to be seen. They couldn’t have been far, not more than a couple of seconds worth of walking, but it sure didn’t feel that way. 
“Step up, buddy! I’m sure Jorge could carry you on his shoulders if you wanted, but I just need you to know that I’ll personally make sure that there won’t be a single person back at base who won’t know about it.” Michael slapped Hannes on his shoulder, the loud clink of metal clashing against metal briefly sending a shrill note through the air. The flinch from the meagerly armored specialist did not go unnoticed.
“You’re a jerk even when you try to be encouraging, you know that?”
Even though his tone conveyed nothing but irritation at Michael’s intervention, he nevertheless snapped out of the worry that had been holding him back. Hannes hurried forward, trying to follow the deep tracks that Jorge’s massive boots had left in the sand before the wind erased them. Michael didn’t allow his comments to deter him: he got the man moving and that was all that mattered to him. Besides, not like he was gonna hold a grudge against him anyway. There was no time for that. The creepy, helpless feeling that had immobilized Hannes continued raising its head in him as well. The Master must have been right, not that he had ever been wrong. They were getting close. Michael rushed after the others, dashing headfirst into the unknown. Each step felt heavier than the last; the sand was untrustworthy ground, and he could stumble at any moment. 
“Damn, who was the nutjob that came up with the desert gear?” Michael thought to himself. It barely kept the sand out, and it was obvious to anyone who donned it that the boots were just a lazy copy of the normalized battle attire, not designed for uneven ground. Each step caused his legs to slip slightly, making it near impossible to get any real traction. Jorge’s tracks in front of him caused envy to swell in Michael, as they were too deep to allow for any such complications. 
“Gotta convince the Doc to make some adjustments when I get back.”
Michael held his hand out in front of him, the darkness so thick that his fingers were barely visible to him, not being helped by their deep violet color. On the index fingers of both of his hands, in stark contrast, a bright ring was shining. The shanks of the rings were yellow, like miniature Suns of his own. Unlike conventional rings, one of them was completely hollow at the top, while the other one had an elongated hexagon sticking out of it, reflecting the darker color present on his gloves and most of the armor overall. During the ceremony when he first got them, the Master had given countless metaphors for the importance of the rings in their lives, the “miniature Suns” being but one of many. Michael had never really cared for such clichés, but at least they got the message across. The armor and weapons they wielded were 
