all provided by these small devices on their fingers. As long as a Hexagon Warrior had them equipped, they were never unarmed, no matter how it might have appeared to those not privy to the inner workings of the organization. 
Despite his seeming reluctance and constant complaints about the task assigned to them, Michael hadn’t yet gotten over the excitement of being recruited into the group, not really. The idea of being a part of a secret, global alliance was something that most people could never experience. For the majority, even the idea of something like that being possible was nothing more than a fun thought to be entertained. But Michael knew better. He had been chosen to. A smug smile spread across his face, faster than he could stop it. 
His outstretched arms suddenly made contact with a heavy object. He wasn’t fast enough to react and walked straight into it, smashing his helmet hard against the solid form. It buzzed around his head, built to dampen and silence any impact. Still strong enough to feel it, though. 
“Weren’t you supposed to be struggling with the trek, Mike? What’s with the hurry?” Jorge’s deep voice suddenly boomed into his ears. The burning sensation of fear at the back of Michael’s neck dissipated in an instant. Thank God, it was just Jorge. He’d caught up with the group. Michael noticed Hannes staring at him from his right, shaking his head disapprovingly while doing so. 
“Guess you’re just getting old, George! Letting a tiny man like me overtake you.” 
The sound of Jorge grinding his teeth was loud enough to overcome the howling wind and the sand crunching under their feet. There were two things he hated: being referred to by nicknames, and his physical prowess being questioned. Michael had just pressed all of his buttons at once. If only it didn’t come so easily to him. 
“Hey, no hard feelings, right? It’s not like you’re exactly easy to avoid in this darkness with your muscles taking up so much space. My bad, alright?”
“You can mess around with me as much as you want, Mike,” Jorge responded. “But don’t think for a moment that this extends to anyone else. Besides, at the end of the day…” He turned his head to look directly at Michael now. They were close enough that even in the complete blackness, Jorge’s green eyes were clearly visible. Or maybe that was just Michael’s imagination. “I’ll be getting back at you anyway.”
It took everything he had to overcome his instincts and not quip back by saying that the day had already ended. Instead, he simply nodded and created some distance between them. Was Jorge just playing around with him or was he about to send him into extended recovery in the infirmary? Did it really even matter? In all honesty, even if he was just joking, he could very 
