well just do it on accident either way. Michael had seen powerlifters on steroids look like children next to the guy. Much as he hated to admit it, having him around right now allowed him to relax a bit. 
Really, what was there to be afraid of? There were four of them, probably around eight if Jorge’s muscles were added to the mix. They’d all been trained for this. Michael squeezed his hands into tight fists, feeling the weight of his rings pressing against his fingers even through the thick gloves. Besides, with tools like these, they were basically one-man armies.
You know what? He hoped that they would actually find something. Scout teams like theirs were accustomed to responding to situations that ended up being inconsequential. It was about time that they got the chance to prove the reason behind their continued existence. They would find something in this backwater location. No, backwater doesn’t work. They’re in the desert, after all. Either way, Michael felt the anxiety he had experienced before lifting. Confidence surged within him, as the group kept forging their path across the vast dunes. 
Quiet beeping began emanating from Michael’s right. He turned towards the sound and saw that the culprit was the tablet that Hannes was holding. The screen cast a bright light across the man’s helmet, seeming in that instant almost as powerful as a spotlight. 
“Forgot to turn off your wake-up alarm? It can’t be that early already, can it?”
Hannes refused to grace him with a response, remaining utterly transfixed on the screen. Michael noticed that both Jorge and the Master had stopped as well, looking expectantly at their technology expert. 
“You remember what that beeping means, don’t you?” Jorge responded instead of Hannes. “It means that the sensors picked something up.” He looked towards the Master, who was standing so far ahead of the rest of them that his silhouette was barely visible. “This mission isn’t going to be one of the pointless ones, is it?”
“I think we’ve all known that for a while now,” the old man croaked. That was all he needed to say. Just like that, the air of relaxation that Michael had managed to cultivate for himself was blown away. This was the real deal. Not just some late-night trek into god-knows-where. He spun himself around, looking around, squinting his eyes to extend his visibility as far as he possibly could. The area surrounding them was no longer just an empty desert, with some annoying scorpions scuttling around. Suddenly, it seemed to be filled with enemies, threats that not only could, but would, jump out at them at any moment. Michael didn’t know where or how many of them there were.
Beep.
Beep.
