But the constant noise from Hannes’ tablet sent one message out: they were there. Michael felt his throat dry up a bit as the rest of his body became tense. He suddenly felt very thankful for the armor covering his body, despite it also feeling much heavier than it probably should. 
“We’re very close. The source is only about a minute ahead of us if we keep going that way.” Hannes pointed towards the direction that they were already heading in. Had his device not alerted them, they would have walked straight into it without any warning. “We’re close enough that I can confirm without a doubt: it’s a Death Tree,” he said, looking at each of them, stopping at the Master, hoping for any sort of guidance as to how they should proceed. “We can go back and forward this to the-” he continued after a momentary pause, only to have the Master finally cut him off.
“No, we will keep going. Simply knowing that a Death Tree is here is not enough, we also need to make sure how long it’s been here, and if it’s already active. Once that’s done, we leave!”
Both Hannes and Jorge nodded. If they had any reservations about advancing with the mission, and Michael was sure as hell that at least Hannes did, they didn’t let it show. Courtesy of the armor to some extent, he thought. Although he didn’t confirm his acceptance with them, he also didn’t object. The world really must have been coming to an end. 
Another scorpion thrust its stinger at his boot, a painful prick and possible death deflected only by the sturdy material.
“Number four,” Michael quietly muttered as he stomped on the creature and continued forth. Had he objected, or for whatever reason remained still for a second longer, they would have been able to see dark roots slowly creeping out from under the sand, injecting themselves into the remains of the scorpion with a squishy sound. By the time the wind blew away their tracks, the carcass was gone as well.
Hannes hadn’t lied when he said that their objective was only a minute away. It felt like they had barely taken a few steps before a form appeared in the darkness. The figure was tall, towering above even Jorge. It wasn’t much lighter in tone compared to their surroundings, being perfectly concealed in the night. The crooked branches of the tree extended far away from the trunk, traveling in all directions imaginable, and even some that rejected Michael’s understanding of physics. If the howling of the wind had been bad enough, the loud creaks that the branches produced each time were on another level. Even a fork scraping on a plate would have been a musical masterpiece compared to the slow, pained cries produced here. A cacophony of pain, screeching, and yelling all in one. The ground below it was covered in fallen and rotten tree bark so thick that the sand was completely invisible. Michael tried to
