find one, but not a single leaf could be found anywhere. The tree was completely barren. It was an unnatural sight, telling, forcing everyone around it to leave. With every step Michael took towards it, he felt like he could die. He’d move his leg, and that would be it: he’d drop to the ground, and the rest of his life would never happen. Regardless, he persisted, now walking side-by-side with all three of his companions. 
“How can something like this exist out here? There’s nothing else for miles, dozens of miles, not to speak of the lack of water.” Michael struggled to get the words out, feeling like each syllable might bring with it his dinner. Regardless, he needed to speak to take his mind away from the thing in front of them, even for just a moment.
“It’s not alive, so it doesn’t need anything. In fact, the more isolated it is, the better,” the Master, luckily, responded. “Don’t try and tell me you don’t know that. I didn’t spend all that time teaching you for nothing.”
He was usually not this talkative. Did he, too, feel the need to relieve stress by engaging with Michael in conversation? The thought was so absurd that he almost managed to chuckle. No, he probably just knew how being in the vicinity of a Death Tree for the first time would impact someone, so he tried his best to support him in this small way. Michael felt genuinely grateful.
“True, but you never explained how it is even possible for something dead to still exist, to act.”
“The difference between the dead and the living is a very simple one: we have souls, they don’t.”
“Souls? Please don’t tell me that the Hexagon League is just a front for some yoga group,” Michael blurted out, too suddenly. He bent over and heaved, but didn’t stop walking. He raised his hand to brush his mouth but forgot that he was wearing a helmet, so he found no success. “Even then, don’t souls get reincarnated? How can something without a soul even exist?”
“Ever heard of politicians, Michael?” the Master responded.
This time, Michael did stop, and so did Jorge and Hannes. Did the Master just make a joke? Surely they must have misheard or misunderstood him, right? They stared at him, as the old man wandered ever forward, seemingly not even noticing the effect his words had on them. It was at this point that Michael had to admit that he didn’t know which was scarier: the Death Tree, or the Master not being utterly emotionally distant. 
“Both of you heard that, right?” he addressed the men standing with him. “The tree isn’t messing with my head that bad?”
