“We definitely did,” Jorge said, his voice sounding distant. 
“Guess you owe me 50 bucks,” Michael told him. This was the first time he was sad that he couldn’t see the big guy’s face. 
“Hannes, get over here and take some samples. Jorge, do a few laps around the tree but stay within visual range. Notify us right away if you spot something. Michael, you come with me to take a closer look,” the Master suddenly yelled from under the tree. The three men sprung into action, each doing as they were told, with Michael and Hannes hurrying towards him as Jorge turned to investigate the immediate area surrounding their point of interest. Whether intentional or not, and let’s be honest, it most likely was, the Master’s words had brought life back into Michael. He could still feel the influence of the tree on his mind and body, but it had become easier to bear. If the Master, of all people, was able to joke around at a time like this, then they had to be safe and sound. The terror must have been nothing more than a defense mechanism, and no real threat was present. 
Hannes knelt a few steps from the tree and produced his tablet from his belt again. He laid it on the ground next to him and used the light from it to illuminate his hands. He curled his right hand into a fist and made a circular motion around it with his left before slowly pulling it further away. As he did that, a metallic object started materializing from where his left hand had just been, following its movements. At the end of the process, Hannes squeezed both of his hands into fists. His personally customized needle was in his hands now, and he quickly sunk it into the sand. He looked at his screen, then pulled the needle out and pierced the ground again, a few inches from the previous point. He repeated the process a few times until he saw something that he was satisfied with. 
“Eyes forward, Michael. You and I need to create a barrier around the tree to slow down its influence.”
“I don’t remember this part from the lessons,” he responded.
“That’s because you didn’t need to know it until now.” The Master looked up at the top of the tree, which seemed to merge with the night around it. “I don’t need to see the results of Hannes’ test to know that this is a Death Tree. Now, do like I do!”
The old man placed the palm of his left hand flat against the trunk of the tree, and his right hand in a fist on top of it. Michael heard the familiar click of the rings on both of the Master’s hands linking up.
“Stand next to me, but switch your hands.”
Michael swallowed before joining the Master, slowly extending his arm until his right hand was placed on the tree. It felt disgusting: although the trunk was completely solid, it felt slimy
