Everyone obeyed without question. There was no room for doubt or mistrust in these situations. Whatever the Master said went into action. Michael positioned himself behind his left shoulder, casting quick glances all around the Tree. They had managed to get organized in mere seconds, but the demonic figures in front of them had been faster still. A countless number of them had already separated themselves from the Tree and now shambled towards them. Many, many more were still breaking free, ripping and tearing themselves free. Michael could tell why he had mistaken their arms for tree branches before: although the Master had spoken about them during their lessons in great detail, he had never actually seen one before, hoped he would never get to. The Souls of Hunger. The skeletal servants of Death. Most of them were covered in torn rags, barely covering the bones making up their entire being, although some didn’t even have that luxury. Their lack of defensive equipment mattered little, however, because all of them brandished some form of sword or dagger. 
Michael saw the number of burning green eyes increasing in front of him, making him feel like prey surrounded by a pack of hunters. His hands trembled as he held his arms out in front of him, placing his palms together, intertwining his fingers. Then, he quickly pulled his fingers apart, leaving his hands in the shape of a jaw. A small, dim light appeared, encapsulating his trusty Skullcrusher within. Michael grabbed it, the long mace giving him some small feeling of security. The top part was a round orb made up of hexagonal steel plates and covered in large spikes. The light blue color made it almost impossible to lose sight of in the midst of battle. 
The Souls of Hunger picked up speed as they got used to moving, unhindered by the Tree. As soon as Michael wrapped his fingers around the handle of his Skullcrusher, the first few Souls hurled themselves at them, only to be smashed to pieces by Jorge’s mighty swing. There was no time to recover, no more respite. The first swing arced into a second one, as the next group desperately tried to tear into their armor and pierce their skin. The Master also stepped in, wielding his weapon with the experience of his many years. While Jorge was getting by relying upon his superior strength alone, the Master was old enough that each swing, thrust, and hit had to be done with perfect accuracy, lest he injure himself more than his enemies. But that was no real concern. Michael was certain that if it came down to it, he would still be standing long after all of them were gone. 
Scorching green eyes lunged at Michael, followed by the bony build of another Soul. Its dagger struck Michael’s left shoulderplate, but the armor fulfilled its purpose, and the weapon bounced off. The force behind the attack was strong enough that he staggered backwards. Michael managed to use this to his advantage, bringing his mace in from the right as he
